[Music]
sixth day stuck at sea
they caught a small shark after stabbing
it to death with a knife
three people who haven't eaten for days
and nights started eating sharks raw
cut the belly first take out an
undigested live fish from the belly
fragrant in your mouth really enjoyed it
but i can't eat it all
need to save some meat because they
don't know how long they will be
drifting at sea
these are three american soldiers during
world war ii in an air combat
run out of fuel and crash into the
pacific they had to roll out the life
raft
start to survive there is one officer
and two soldiers among the three
one is called shaushi at the beginning
at the beginning the two soldiers are
still very optimistic
hippie smiley completely unaware of the
danger and the sir is relatively calm
he ordered the three to sit in three
different directions 3600 observe the
surrounding situation
waiting for rescue old way is old way
they sigh helicopter chief quickly took
off his clothes
three crazy waving for help
but in the end the plane did not
approach them they sort out what they
have
two magazines for the true way of the
gray cannon two magazines
a knife and some lines
tindo is the gadget just no water and no
food can't drink seawater
this has stumped the chief he first
ordered two soldiers
throw the shoes out don't add weight to
the life raft
at night they alternate shifts to watch
the night see if there are any passing
planes
the officer who was awakened felt a
little thirsty he collected his own
urine
drank it without much expression the
next day the chief took out a pilot
slide rule
judging according to the landing
position and wind direction they are
drifting to hawaii island
1 900 kilometers have to last for many
days
can't sit and wait to die two soldiers
decided to fish
they removed the pistol magazine take
out the spring inside
cut out a small section with pliers hook
into the rope
make a small hook use the tongs as a
fishing float
what to do with fishing bait simply
remove the red scarf on the neck
hang on the hook it looks like a piece
of meat they threw their homemade hooks
into the water
will a silly fish be hooked true
detective gray robe
suddenly the fishing line was pulled
away by something so painful
the soldiers pulled hard the meatless
fishhook was actually swallowed
this is a dangerous signal it shows that
the creatures hiding on the bottom of
the sea are more hungry and painful than
them
the sun gets bigger and bigger on the
fourth day the sur's face has been
sunburned
keep sweating three people dare not even
say anything
i can only hope to catch something to
eat quickly a few more days
they started praying pray for rain
in front of nature their lives and
deaths really depend on luck
result that night it really started a
heavy rain
they saved some water ashes for real
detectives
the next day shelley is still in the sea
caught something terrible
cut the shark's belly open the three of
them started to eat this shark raw this
is their first meal since they were
trapped in the pacific in six days
but just finished shaoli's face changed
because i accidentally poured shark
blood into the sea just now
the smell of blood actually attracted
the big fish in the sea
more than a dozen sharks surrounded the
life raft once pounced
they will become a mass of flesh and
blood fortunately the sharks did not
attack them until night
but at this moment shall we awoke in a
daze washed my face with seawater
suddenly something in the water bit his
hand when i reach back
already bloody companion xiao c quickly
fired a few shots into the sea
chief inspects shaoli's injury there are
three tooth marks on the hand
one nail has been ripped off i can keep
my hand
he quickly bandaged shalley's wound grey
cannon true detective
let him turn over the true detective of
the grey robe holding the wound
next few days they continue to survive
make a few marks when you get up
gray vision true detective records a
lower position drink some shark blood
when you are thirsty
small mouth rewind the rest dare not
drink too much
but soon the water is still drunk they
started praying for rain
shelley keeps trying to fish
just not so lucky can catch another
shark
until the 15th day a bird flew onto the
life raft
shali picked up the gun aim lightly
successfully shot it to death
sir saw quickly jump into the sea bring
the dead bird back
but this time a shark fin appeared on
the sea surface
is swimming towards the chief quickly
shalley wants to support the chief
but the gun is stuck the two can only
row towards the chief desperately
the sur is only a little away from the
shark crucial moment
the chief climbed under the life raft in
time and the shark
although it's swimming towards them but
only through the bottom of the life raft
didn't hurt them it seems that god still
doesn't want them to die
20th day shelley got sunburned even on
his back
the face is even more red and swollen
and even more desperate as to look at
the truth
the chief said that the grey cannon is
the real detective i should have
encountered the island three or four
days ago but the true explorer
but now it's still a vast expanse
it means he made a wrong calculation
despair strikes again
chalice scolded the chief first but this
won't solve the problem
after calm down three people cheer up
only twisted into a rope
to get a chance so the chief quickly
adjusted his mentality
cut my love shoes with a knife he and
charlie each took one
start drifting forward and ahead still
the vast sea survive on the sea for 30
days
his body has been severely sunburned the
arm is broken in black
and the life and death of him and the
other two companions
it's really all luck pray when you are
thirsty you can live a few more days in
heavy rain
hungry waiting for a bird to fly to the
life raft
shoot it to death to make it through but
now good luck never comes
then they can only wait to die they
struggling to paddle paddling
a bird cloud appeared ahead the wind and
waves on the sea are getting bigger and
bigger
they thought it was good luck i opened
my clothes and started catching the rain
this time it was raining heavily and it
was a bit bitterly cold
after the rain stops they found
something really wrong
the dark clouds did not disperse but
blocked the sun even more deadly
the world becomes terrifying and dark a
bolt of lightning struck in the distance
sir knows they had a hurricane it's so
grey that the huge water waves hit them
directly
sure enough the huge water waves hit
them directly
when the second wave hits the sur was
beaten underwater
two people are struggling finally
holding on to the sir
not far away crazy detective another
huge wave is coming
the sur immediately ordered take
advantage of huge waves
turn the life raft over the gray flower
tool will sink into the sea if too much
water accumulates
gray robe detective the huge wave hits
again the huge wave hits again
grey cannon true detective they
successfully flipped the life raft
but stoudemire disappeared the two
hurriedly searched separately along the
life raft
finally found stoudemire again the sir
continues to order
by the wind turn the life raft over
again at last
no storm they also manage to escape wake
up the next day
they are still on the verge of death the
experience last night left them
exhausted
the sur is starting to miss his wife
little lee seems to see
a beautiful and moving woman appeared on
the sea level in the desperate situation
always have to dream about hope in order
to survive the law
they reached into the sea rowing
desperately before long the surrounding
area will still be vast
stoudemire can't move anymore hollow
eyes may die anytime
their legs are already skinny the hands
are also full of sunburn marks
at this time the most determined officer
of all time can't stand it anymore
he held up a bit of seawater die or die
it won't last long suddenly henry seemed
to see something
front some green the sir tried his best
turn around and have a look then they
started yelling madly
that's right the real detective of the
grey robe that
green is an island three people hug
together
cry with joy land land
they come in and give out the last bit
of strength swim towards the island and
go to the gray robe
at last propelled by a wave of waves
they washed up on the island
at the same time it also washed away
despair brought a new life
so far they have been wandering for 34
days
this is a true story of the greater
family during world war ii
shocked me but what really touched me
it's their determination and courage to
live to death